SDK updates part 2: Add intro sections (#1494)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: wallet/connect/index.md

Key features include:

- **Multi-platform support** – Connect from web, desktop, mobile, or gaming platforms.
- **Seamless mobile integration** – Use QR codes or deep links to create persistent connections with MetaMask Mobile.
- **EIP-6963 detection** – Automatically detect MetaMask wallets with or without third-party libraries.
- **RPC request batching** – Enhance efficiency by batching multiple requests into a single call.

Get started with [MetaMask SDK](metamask-sdk/index.md).

## Third-party libraries

MetaMask SDK integrates smoothly with libraries like Wagmi and Web3-Onboard, which simplify wallet connections and support multiple wallets. These libraries offer tools to streamline connection logic and provide additional features for managing wallets.

Consider the trade-offs:
- **Less control** over specific MetaMask features.
- **Inconsistent behavior** across different wallets due to multi-wallet support.

> Explore [Wagmi](3rd-party-libraries/wagmi.md) and [Web3-Onboard](3rd-party-libraries/web3-onboard.md).
> 
> ## Wallet API
> 
> You can also directly integrate MetaMask using the Wallet API, which allows you to manage Ethereum accounts, sign data, and send transactions without requiring the SDK.
> 
> Learn more about the [Wallet API](wallet-api.md).

Author: ```suggestion
Get started with [Wagmi](3rd-party-libraries/wagmi.md) or [Web3-Onboard](3rd-party-libraries/web3-onboard.md).

## Wallet API

You can also directly integrate MetaMask using the Wallet API, which allows you to manage Ethereum accounts, sign data, and send transactions without requiring the SDK.

Get started with the [Wallet API](wallet-api.md).
```

I prefer this wording for consistency with the SDK wording. Also these links go to the get started guides.

---
description: Connect to MetaMask using various options.
---

# Connect to MetaMask

You can connect your dapp to MetaMask using one of the following methods:

> - The [MetaMask SDK](metamask-sdk/index.md)

Author: ```suggestion
- [MetaMask SDK](metamask-sdk/index.md)
```

I believe we refer to MetaMask SDK without the "The" (based on [marketing landing page](https://metamask.io/sdk/)). If so, please revert all instances.

> - Third-party libraries with SDK support, e.g., [Wagmi](3rd-party-libraries/wagmi.md) or

Author: ```suggestion
- Third-party libraries with SDK support, such as [Wagmi](3rd-party-libraries/wagmi.md) or
```

We follow the Microsoft Writing Style Guide and refrain from using "e.g.": https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/e/eg

| Connect to MetaMask using the [EIP-6963 provider](../concepts/wallet-interoperability.md)                                                                                                                                                                                                          |         ✓         |               ✓                |        ✓        |
| Connect to other wallets using the [EIP-6963 provider](../concepts/wallet-interoperability.md)                                                                                                                                                                                                     |                   |               ✓                |        ✓        |
| Custom RPC methods such as [`connectAndSign`](../how-to/sign-data/connect-and-sign.md), [custom modals](../how-to/display/display-custom-modals.md), [read-only requests](../how-to/make-read-only-requests.md) using Infura API, and [RPC request batching](../how-to/batch-json-rpc-requests.md) |         ✓         |               ✓                |                 |

## MetaMask SDK

> The MetaMask SDK ensures a reliable and secure connection to MetaMask Mobile across various platforms. For web dapps, it also enables users to connect via the MetaMask browser extension. The MetaMask SDK can be seamlessly integrated into existing projects without modifying underlying Wallet API calls.

Author: ```suggestion
MetaMask SDK ensures a reliable and secure connection to MetaMask Mobile across various platforms. For web dapps, it also enables users to connect via the MetaMask browser extension. You can seamlessly integrate MetaMask SDK into existing projects without modifying underlying Wallet API calls.
```

- Remove "The" from MetaMask SDK if applicable.
- We try to use active voice whenever it makes sense: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/grammar/verbs#active-and-passive-voice

Key features include:

- **Multi-platform support** – Connect from web, desktop, mobile, and gaming platforms.

> - **Seamless mobile integration** – Leverage QR codes or deeplinks to establish persistent connections with MetaMask Mobile.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Seamless mobile integration** – Use QR codes or deeplinks to establish persistent connections with MetaMask Mobile.
```

We try to use "use" instead of "leverage": https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/l/leverage

- **EIP-6963 detection** – Automatically detect MetaMask wallets, with or without third-party libraries.
- **RPC request batching** – Improve efficiency by batching multiple requests into a single call.

Get started using [MetaMask SDK](metamask-sdk/index.md).

## Third-party libraries

> The MetaMask SDK integrates seamlessly with libraries like Wagmi and Web3-Onboard, simplifying wallet connections and supporting multiple wallets. These libraries streamline connection logic and offer additional features for managing wallets.

Author: ```suggestion
MetaMask SDK integrates seamlessly with libraries like Wagmi and Web3-Onboard, simplifying wallet connections and supporting multiple wallets. These libraries streamline connection logic and offer additional features for managing wallets.
```

Remove "The" from MetaMask SDK if applicable.

:::note
Trade-offs when using third-party libraries:

- Reduced control over specific MetaMask features.
- Potential inconsistencies across different wallets due to multi-wallet support.
:::

Get started with [Wagmi](3rd-party-libraries/wagmi.md) or [Web3-Onboard](3rd-party-libraries/web3-onboard.md).

## Wallet API

> For direct integration, you can use the Wallet API to manage Ethereum accounts, sign data, and send transactions without the need for the SDK.

Author: ```suggestion
For direct integration, you can use the Wallet API to manage Ethereum accounts, sign data, and send transactions without the SDK.
```

Simplify even further if it makes sense.

|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------:|:------------------------------:|:---------------:|
| Connect from a web dapp to the MetaMask extension                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |      ✓       |               ✓                |        ✓        |
| Connect from a web dapp, desktop, mobile, and gaming dapps to MetaMask Mobile                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |      ✓       |               ✓                |                 |

> | Connect to MetaMask using the [EIP-6963 provider](../concepts/wallet-interoperability.md)                                                                                                                                                                                                          |      ✓       |               ✓                |        ✓        |

Author: It's a little complex because the EIP-6963 mechanism is meant to support multi-wallet detection. However, the SDK only uses it to detect MetaMask without conflicting with other wallets, but is not a multi-wallet detector. I've updated this to "Use EIP-6963 to connect to MetaMask without conflict."

| Compatible with other [EIP-6963](../concepts/wallet-interoperability.md) wallets                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |              |               ✓                |        ✓        |
| Custom RPC methods such as [`connectAndSign`](../how-to/sign-data/connect-and-sign.md), [custom modals](../how-to/display/custom-modals.md), [read-only requests](../how-to/make-read-only-requests.md) using Infura API, and [RPC request batching](../how-to/batch-json-rpc-requests.md) |      ✓       |               ✓                |                 |

## MetaMask SDK

> MetaMask SDK enables a reliable, secure, and seamless connection between your dapp and the MetaMask browser extension or MetaMask Mobile. You can call any Wallet API method from a dapp with the SDK installed, and you can integrate the SDK into existing projects without modifying existing Wallet API calls.

Reviewer: Should we be following the character limit in the MM docs?

Key features include:

- **Multi-platform support** – Connect from web, desktop, mobile, and gaming platforms.
- **Seamless mobile integration** – Use QR codes or deeplinks to establish persistent connections with MetaMask Mobile.

> - **EIP-6963 detection** – Automatically detect MetaMask, with or without third-party libraries.

Reviewer: Instead of calling functionality be it's EIP number, should we rather call it by what it does/provides (or EIP name)?
There are so many EIPs going around, and likely more that will be added in the future, so could become confusing. Perhaps something we should consider in the future (don't need to address now).

Author: Updated the descriptions to say "Automatically detect MetaMask without conflicting with other installed wallets."

Author: I can confirm with the SDK team, but it seems like many existing developers do look for the EIP number for certain major features (6963 being one of them).

- **RPC request batching** – Improve efficiency by batching multiple requests into a single call.

Get started using [MetaMask SDK](metamask-sdk/index.md).

## Third-party libraries

MetaMask SDK integrates seamlessly with libraries like Wagmi and Web3-Onboard, simplifying wallet connections and supporting multiple wallets. These libraries streamline connection logic and offer additional features for managing wallets.

:::note Trade-offs when using third-party libraries:

- Reduced control over specific MetaMask features.
- Potential inconsistencies across different wallets due to multi-wallet support.
:::

Get started with [Wagmi](3rd-party-libraries/wagmi.md) or [Web3-Onboard](3rd-party-libraries/web3-onboard.md).

## Wallet API

The Wallet API consists of an [Ethereum Provider API](../reference/provider-api.md) and a [JSON-RPC API](/wallet/reference/json-rpc-api),

> which allow you to interact with users' Ethereum accounts in MetaMask.

Reviewer: Not only Ethereum accounts correct? (EVM-compatible accounts?)
